So we see that we have our input field there, but remember our search form.
We do have courses on search, which we can add as a lambda, so this will capture whatever it's clicked.
Whenever we're done, right click on action there.
Say done.
We're going to get the value inside of our search bar there and do whatever we want.
So this is real convenient because now I can say like this oops.
Let's see my be in the wrong place.
Let's make sure we have search.
Right?
Has to be here.
Hi, there we go.
Now I have access to that, so I'm here.
I can say logged.
And we should be able to see this I.D. there.
It's just going to be there's the string that is being added.
All right.
So let's go ahead and run real quick.
OK, so let's go to a search and I say gibberish.
Hit enter.
And you can see we have that gibberish.
OK, this is good because the idea is to take this information attached to our your and get data in
this case, books.
All right.
We get there, continue and put together these simple structure, which is going to be just a scrollable
area in this case, just a lazy column which will contain books.
Just a card containing the name of a book and the image and so forth.
So it's nothing really hard to do, but we're going to do it because we want to be as thorough as possible.
But if you want a challenge, you could just pause this video, stop this video and go and create something
like this.
It's just lazy column.
Create a row white card and add these pieces of information, text and image.
You can do that.
Go ahead.
Actually, go ahead and do that.
All right, so after our landed, they're still inside of this, our column there.
Here is where I'm going to put a spacer and let's say put a modifier.
I'm going to the height, not height end, but height.
Nice.
Such a low about.
Thirteen deep, because I want to have some spacing between the text field and this structure.
They are lazy column.
Yeah, yeah.
Their book list like this and we have has enough controller like that.
Let's go ahead and create this composable.
So what is this book list going to do?
Well, we are going to create a lazy column as such, and let's just use a lambada because it's much
easier.
And in this case, here we are going to say, let's pass a modifier because we want to make this a little
bit larger modifier and would say, fill max.
Let's say fill max.
Size so that both of them, height and width, are covered, and I'm going to pass content
padding.
I'm going to add to, say, padding values, in this case going to be about six dpi.
If you have over padding values, in this case, it just covers all four edges of this lacy column.
So that's another way of of creating the full padding.
OK, so inside here, it's where I'm going to pass in this case, a list of items that I want to see.
But before I do that, let's just create a quick list of something here.
In fact, I can.
Let's go to our most recent reader at home.
I think I already have a list of books that I can use.
OK, there we go.
This is good.
It's going to be very helpful.
So I'm going to create that just added there so we can use it.
There you go.
And so right here, I can then say items as price list items.
I set those items to.
Our list of books in this case.
Then we have a lambada and it's a book.
And so now we're going to pass a row here, so it's going to be a book row, which will require a book.
And I'm going to pass in half controller as well.
All right.
Let's again create this book row.
You get the gist now.
So for our book row here.
All right.
We are going to just create a card by saying a modifier.
Make this clickable item needs to be clickable, get to God.
And then I'm going to say Phil Max with.
And then I'm going to give you a height of about 100 dpi.
Let's just give the padding of three dpi as such.
All right.
And while I'm here, let's give it.
Of course, the shape we want, it's going to be rectangle
shape like this, and I'm going to give an elevation of about seven dpi.
And inside we going to add a row in this row is just going to be first is going to be an image and then
this column there, so Rome going add a column because that's what we're going to need in a bit.
So for our role for, let's say, modifier say, padding about five deep and vertical alignment?
Yeah, top good.
And so kind of add an image.
So let me create a foul here called image URL.
Let's get that image we had before and pass it in here.
OK, for now, at least.
And then I'm going to pass out an image.
Here I'm going to use a painter and lets you remember.
Painter, image painter, this from Coyle, we want data, actually, which is going to be our image,
you're out.
This all will change later because all these images will come from the actual book object.
OK, so here is going to be going to say look image.
So we've put together this structure here, this image.
Now we need to put this structure right.
That's going to be in our column.
And so I'm going to just add in this text is going to say because they book the title, right?
To screen.
And then I'm going to add overflow ellipses like this, so if there's the title is longer than it can
fit here, it's just going to have ellipses.
And then I'm going to do the same thing for the others.
This one we're going to have actually.
Change a few things here.
Can I say, author?
Book Times authors such.
And I'm going to say clip instead of a flow, if it's too much and.
Let's give it a style of material
theme topography.
Give a caption as such.
OK, we'll come back and change, make it even more beautiful, but that looks good for now.
OK would add another say to do.
Add more fields later.
All right.
So this row book row is being called here, if we run because we're passing this dummy data of list
of books, we should be able to see something.
Let's go ahead and run.
Go there and nice.
So we have a few books and everything is looking good, right?
So for our image, we can actually make it even better.
Let's add a modifier.
And they say with pretty smart fire, let's kill about 80
and then I say max height, take up all the space.
I'm going to give a padding and padding.
It's going to be about four dpi, so we're going to give this nice padding at the end.
OK.
OK, I'm using my phone now.
Click.
Nice.
So it's looking really good.
This is wonderful, we can go ahead and try to search something and very good.
So we have the infrastructure set up.
OK?
What are we going to do next is we're going to take a little break from the user interface for a bit
and get the data to upload into our application here.
So we need to go and look at our API.
Google Books API, which is the one that we're going to be using to fetch or search books that we can
then populate here and add it to our database.